More docs backlog fixes (#100)
k3s-io/docs: docs/installation/airgap.md

- Before installing K3s, complete the [Private Registry Method](#private-registry-method) or the [Manually Deploy Images Method](#manually-deploy-images-method) above to prepopulate the images that K3s needs to install.
- Download the K3s binary from the [releases](https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/releases) page, matching the same version used to get the airgap images. Place the binary in `/usr/local/bin` on each air-gapped node and ensure it is executable.
- Download the K3s install script at [get.k3s.io](https://get.k3s.io). Place the install script anywhere on each air-gapped node, and name it `install.sh`.

> - K3s requires a default route to start. Therefore, a default route must be configured on each node, even if that route is a dummy route or a black hole.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- K3s requires a default route in order to auto-detect the node's primary IP, and for kube-proxy ClusterIP routing to function properly. Therefore, a default route must be configured on each node, even if that route is a dummy route or a black hole.
```
